I with cloud nine and team solomid going
3 & 1 then it's a four-way tie for third
with CLG coast curse and team dignitas
and tied for eighth place is evil
geniuses and xdg ending the week at one
and three now Kobe let's take a look at
impact players who turn in sterling
performances at their respective
positions alright so just say off the
bat get this out there it wasn't an easy
decision for everybody a lot of
topsy-turvy games today everything I you
know kind of we just saw in the
standings yeah things kind of gone amok
right but had some top men vote on this
absolutely heated discussions were had
we crunched the numbers we poured over
some of the footage to see what happened
and we're happy to honor weak ones 50 p
all right in the top lane we have cloud
nine all week balls was in command and
on a team of stars sometimes he's easy
to overlook but he's there rock in the
top lane and he deserves this spot
absolutely from Dignitas we're looking
in the jungle now crumbs is our Opie
jungler for this his shot calling that
turned their week around with an upset
win over the number one ranked cloud
nine and that game didn't just look good
it looked really good for them it did
then over in the mid lane we have
shifter from Team Coast especially just
in that last game he's proved himself a
threat and a leading mid laner here in
North America he's leading in KDA and we
saw him pull out so many clutch heels to
save his teammates there's got to be
some sort of medic award that we can
give to him as well so fast fingers it
comes from a block Opie in the ADC
position we have wild turtle from Team
solomid this week wild had a heavy
impact in the lane and it really helped
turn the tide in teamfights for a TSM
gotta give credit to the ad carry well
uh then in the bot Lane seal geez
aphromoo takes our support he derailed
curse by stealing that blue buff at
level one with an auto attack that helps
CLG and the week two and two we can't
get over that steal enough because that
was just ridiculous even Hotch I don't
know flash or anything just took it out
but at the end of the day Kobe that can
only be one MVP would you do us the
honors over now making a strong debut in
his first week in the north
American LCS is the European imports
Ferguson we're going to have to give the
MVP over to him absolutely barracks in
had a huge impact in each game helped
steer his team to three and one for the
week and tying them in first for cloud
nine not too shabby he was repeatedly
able to shut down the mid lane with his
LeBlanc and his roaming zet yeah and
currently he's the least deaths in the
North American LCS with only two
absolutely don't forget week two of the
EU LCS kicks off on third